Draft proposal - yarn install action (#3221)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## PLEASE READ

> Following a recent back-end update, all contributors with a _local clone of our repository_ are required to run `yarn install`. This does not apply to forked pull requests.

Reviewer: @kimsauce, it says, "This does not apply to forked pull requests." But we've had problems with forked repos too. Are you sure they don't need to run `yarn install` in forked repos?

Author: You're correct! It does apply to those with physical, local forks of our repo, but doesn't apply to those who follow the ["Edit this page" workflow](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/contributing/edit-doc/#minor-edits), as that doesn't involve cloning/forking locally. Can you take a look at this revised wording when you can?

Reviewer: Looks good.

> Following a recent back-end update, all contributors with a _local clone of our repository_ are required to run `yarn install`. This does not apply to forked pull requests.

Author: ```suggestion
Following a recent back-end update, all contributors with a local clone or fork of our repository are required to run `yarn install`. This does not apply to [direct page edits](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/contributing/edit-doc/#minor-edits).
```
